point to python additional data doc (#326)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/event-payloads/contexts.mdx

Unknown data for the contexts is rendered as a key/value list.

> For more details about sending additional data with your event, see the [full documentation on Additional Data](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/enriching-events/context/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about sending additional data with your event, see the [full documentation on Additional Data](https://docs.sentry.io/platform-redirect/?next=/enriching-events/context/).
```
